Good evening everyone. Welcome to the revision class for yesterday's lesson.
Like I said before,
this is the final class that will be free,
so I'll start dropping the meeting's link
on a separate chat for people who have paid.
It costs 15000 naira per month, but of course, for anyone who pays this month, 
I'll give them a rate of 10,000 naira per month.
If you’re Interested in joining, you can contact me.
My number is on the group,
so you can chat me privately after this meeting if you are interested. 
I am open to negotiating the price, but the standard is 10,000 naira per month per person.

So I want to use this class to answer 
some of the questions to the assignments I gave you guys last time,
and sort of use that as an opportunity to revise.


Question No 1:
What is programming in your own words?
So, can anybody answer this question?
* Q & A *
Programming is the act of giving the computer a set of instructions,
called an ALGORITHM.
And remember that the programmer's main job is to 
DESIGN that algorithm, e.g the phonebook and the Fibonacci algorithm that we did yesterday.
Is there anybody that can describe those two algorithms that we did yesterday?

**  Q & A **

Question No 2:
Why is pseudocode useful?
So, would anybody like to talk about why they think pseudocode might be useful?

* Q & A *
I can remember I taught you guys how to plan pseudocode, but I need you guys to write some example pseudocode for me.
That brings us to question 3:
Write pseudocode to check if a number is greater than 5
Can anybody try this: 
Answer:
IF num > 5:
    say Num is greater than 5
ELSE:
    Nothing

No 4: What is a variable? Give an example.
    A variable is a store for the computer's memory. It keeps data in a specifc place, so it ensures that even though
    we may noot know the exact contents of a particular piece of info., we can access it.
    I want you to imagine a Table in an Excel spreadsheet, or maybe one you may write in school.
    Name      ID     Age
    "Peter"   2       15

    So even though we may not know EVERYTHING about Peter, his personality,
    or his resume, but we can access useful information about Peter to 
    achieve whatever goal we may have.

    Example:
    Ok, I didn't teach this to you guys in Scratch, but this is how you can create a variable in Scratch:

    *Example*
    But typically in pseudocode, and most programming languages and tools, you can create a variable like this:
    variable_name = value

Question 5: What does a loop do? 
    A loop repeats a set of instructions for a certain number of times, and they're like repeat blocks in scratch.
    Example of when a repeat block would be needed: 
    In 
